hello to all guys well found by
francesco siciliani the new video
weblog iphoneitalia.com we go to
see some covers made by italy
independent is pure for our iphone 6
advance iphone 6 plus already
let's talk about some covers a lot
intriguing on the fashion side though
they have a rather simple design and
linear
let's go and discover them well let's see why
give a touch of style to ours
we got to try these
cases for iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus
let's start with a case that we have
tried only for iphone 6 but it is
available of course also for iphone
6 plus
we are talking about the custody sense that one
housing with a rigid back is the
frontal we say semitransparent in
soft material that will allow us to
go and watch the screen even without
in short, to open the frontal flap
then the case wraps well
device and as you can see in
transparency we can also see the
our device from the frontal flap
therefore without necessarily going to
open it to perform all operations
maybe we're just reading a message
we use this feature or
we simply want to follow a slide
for the call because as you can
see above are the holes for
the speaker so we can very well
talk on the phone without problems for
the rest connections are available
without problems then the doors below
They are free from impediments also
buttons are not coated therefore not
generate any kind of friction and
camera is free even with flash
so the flash is not crushed e
the case works pretty well
in the end it does not change too much
device size makes it
however very simple to keep in
but no
unfortunately it lacks any kind of
hook on the back side that makes
let's say the frontal flap a little
wobbly when using the device
obviously without the front cover
let's move on to the other cover for this one
once we tested it for iphone 6
plus
let's talk about the beast cover that a cover
with a soft and velvety material
as if we really had a cover in
velvet this cover will wrap ours
device at best leaving the
free end only let's say the area
back then only the
the side where we go to insert the jack
headphone and lightning cable this
may be a thing we say a point of
strength for those who want to use the
adapters or more jack cables
big but maybe not a point not
too positive for those who want one
protection let's say integral also i
buttons are covered but the friction and
good don't weigh that much
on the experience of use because they are pressed
very easily
the rest of the edges are protected by the
inside there is a gem
very interesting that is practically the
logo of the wheel the characteristic phrase
of the company that the company
produces
and even the camera we tested
works well so flash does not come
absolutely say compressed
crushed the protection offered by
scratches and bumps and good
obviously comparable to that of the
cover sense even if the one on the side
frontal but not hooking any
so if the iPhone should fall and
maybe you should even open a moment
the custody we would not say the
frontal protection but let's move on to
definitely the most interesting line
of the italia independent custodies or
let's talk about the chevron style case
this case is really very much
beautiful because it has a very fashionable design
very interesting and is available in
two variants one says silver and
the other gold even if in the end it's enough
change the light and the nuances a bit
they are really very interesting because
the cover is almost metallic, let's say
that this case is very thin
light is certainly the least we say
invasive to the iphone design level
because it always keeps it thin and
light compared to the others leaves all
the free doors then leave the door
top part down side
let's say open also leaves the buttons
free and even the camera area not
it comes absolutely in no way
let's say
invaded there are no problems
here too scratches and bumps on the part
later they are avoided ie we don't say
we are protected as well as on the edges
shame about the small parts of course
free however it was always the same story
if one wants maybe he can more than
ease of use of being able to use
adapters maybe in the lower part
or a slightly larger jacko or
also use the keys without one
coverage
this is let's say the price to pay but
like all the covers of this style
in short, these cases are really
interesting regarding the
designs are made by a company that
however, it has made itself known quite a lot
in the fashion and glamor world and therefore
give an extra touch to ours
any color device maybe
we chose for our iphone
small advice the velvet cover maybe
blue is perhaps the ideal solution
because the other colors are not
bad though this is really one
particular shade not found
very easily around if you want more
information on these cases you can
visit our review that
we attach in the description where there are
all the details and photographs and then
you can also go to the site of pure e
order your favorites
I thank you for following then
this video we will meet again
next review for iphone italy
but also with the other videos on
our channel with our columns and
with all our insights
I therefore greet you for this video a
soon